welcome back everyone to hot line League
it is 2018 the sexiest year that's ever
existed things are gonna get hot this
year and they will not be hotter
anywhere else than this hot line leaks
show which is returning now for the
start of the new year so many hot things
to talk about and speaking of hot we've
got mark zero of it on the show my my
gallant co-host that's that's here every
week with new lighting very excited to
have that that's all based on of protein
in light bulbs yes year by Travis yeah I
would not have picked hot for the words
to describe 2018 this far out I think I
would call it idiotic between the Logan
Paul stuff that happened right away
there's something else that like
happened literally like next day maybe
it's the Trump new thing I don't I don't
remember yeah I don't think hot is what
I would go with it's gonna get really
hot with this Trump nuke stuff either
way we've got yeah hang on
mark what do you want to you want to run
through the this show because for those
that don't know this actually show where
we listen to you you always all call in
and we talked to you and Mark Sam tell
you how that goes right exactly this
shows actually all about you as if you
were at home we want to hear your take
in opinions on everything going on so we
have a discord set up I'm about to spam
the hell out of in chat you want to go
to that discord now when you get there
there's gonna be a a text channel
general where you're gonna ask your
questions and then you need to vote join
the voice Channel general as well from
there I'll be able to pull you into the
waiting room make sure your mics good to
go and assuming everything's all set
we'll pull you into the on air and
you'll be able to speak directly to
Travis and loco once he joins and ask or
get tell us however you're feeling in
and one thing we like on this show is to
hear your guy's opinion not just this
isn't you know an interview it's not QA
for Travis nights for you guys to come
on and say I think hundred thieves is
gonna crush it I think golden Guardian
sucks because loco is coaching and you
get to tell that to his face so we're
all about the hot takes here yes and as
Mark just alluded to Loco doko is this
nice guest so we're gonna talk a little
bit for maybe 10 or 15 minutes here at
the start of the show about some stuff
and then we'll get local on talk to him
for a little bit then straight into
calls so you guys can talk
not only to us but also to Luca doko
asked him questions about his roster and
interrogate him talked to us about why
what we should all expect this year from
na LCS and more and so I think going you
know while we well we you know wait
before we get loco on the theme
generally speaking of this show this
episode is gonna be 2018 so the last
episode we did in 2017 was all about
looking back what were some of your
favorite moments etc this year we want
to hear your opinions on 2018 what
should right do is the NALC it's gonna
be better for the fact that it's best of
one do you think that your favorite cuz
that's not casting yeah yeah it's not
casting anymore and also by the way if
you want to call in and talk about how
much you hate a certain former MSNBC
host for talking shit on my boy
doublelift we can listen to that as well
you you referencing a certain Olbermann
yes yeah exactly exactly
so by the way mark yeah let's let's just
hop into what got the start of the show
to get the juices flowing what do you
think 2018 what are the big things that
we should expect for 2018 big stories I
think the biggest thing has to be some
form of franchising / like all the the
roster moves that happen I'm excited to
see all those come together think you
know hundred these clutch gaming have
really interesting rosters and could
theoretically become really good
TSM changed over 60% of their roster
that had been two worlds twice in one an
unprecedented three North American
titles in a row so there's a lot of
stuff just involved with the actual
teams competing against each other that
I am excited for I think that will be
one of the best things on but I said
probably the best thing will be the
analyst desk now that jad is a permanent
fixture with myself in June yeah what
does that mean because you okay so I saw
the is announcement on the dive and I
watch it maybe we can hear about it from
your side because you're actually gonna
be on the analyst desk what are you guys
looking at doing different approaches to
it I mean because people are just gonna
hear okay Jets on the analyst desk
whatever yeah there's a lot bigger focus
on not only having a set group of people
on the endlessness but letting us kind
of like
work on it versus kind of be like in
supplement to the show but like make the
analyst desk something that people are
actually gonna really enjoy versus kind
of like a waiting room that I think it
ended up being I think between games I'm
sure a lot people did enjoy the analysis
portion of it but like having more
branded segments having more like
running things throughout the year
because one of the things Jack mentioned
was like it's really hard to do
something that's gonna go in week after
week if you're gonna have new people in
so he was talking about having most
likely not understand locked in but most
likely to have like a running prediction
purse like tally so he and I are gonna
try and predict up against each other
every week and try and come up with who
at the end of the year has predicted
more correct games that's um that's
really fucking cool that you can't do if
I'm constantly predicting against new
people yeah that's a fair point so so
it's gonna be you and him on the desk at
all times with - yep so it's gonna be
like a constant three-man desk is the
plan and like I said a lot more segments
like that we're like predictions like
every day you know showing our
predictions for the five matches that we
thinks how they're gonna go and I don't
want us like I've been in a lot of
meetings to like come up with all this
stuff and I don't know how much I'm at
liberty to say yeah but there's gonna be
a lot more stuff on the analyst desk
than just like hey this team one pull up
the draft pull up 3 replays alright
great let's hear this guy got player of
the game alright next game starts in
three and a half you know it's gonna be
more fun than that without really
hopefully increasing time between games
very excited about not having to do
weird watching two streams side-by-side
to figure out what's happening that was
fun for what it was but I felt like I
missed a lot of details generally so
like I like being able to track really
in-depth things you know like I don't
want to just say like oh this guy had a
great game cuz he did like this a couple
team fights well but I like being like
oh this guy play - you hit - a sharrows
I went back and I rewatched every ash
arrow and he like just would fire them
off randomly he's really got to step
that part of his game up and that's
really hard an analysis to do with two
streams going yeah and the other thing
is it's really hard to tie into whatever
the casters are talking about because
half the time I don't know what they've
been saying all game so I know sometimes
it felt like a caster would end the game
you get to the analyst desk and they
wouldn't really not necessarily like
react to what they said but like
being even in the same head space as
they might spend like 20 minutes on how
they thought the top layer didn't do
enough and maybe we focus on the mid but
we don't transition there it's not like
oh I heard a Zale talking about the top
lane a lot but I had a bigger problem
with this we you know it was just two
different segments it felt like
sometimes yeah I
before we get Loco on which will just be
in any minute here we'll transition them
out of the show I'll just say one of my
big things for this year marks mark
sounds like he's it sounds like you
would say things are hype for are the
new teams and the franchises and and
also on a personal level the analyst
desk my personal level thing is just to
sort of see what happens with me because
I've I'm independent and I made a
commitment to do that kind of in October
what the analyst desk is your personal
thing that's your job how could I not
talk about my personal thing you spent a
ton of time on it but that's my thing
I'm excited listen you blabbed and
blabbed about your shit now it's my time
I'm excited for my thing that's all I'm
gonna say unlike mark I'm not gonna go
on forever secondly I think one thing
that people haven't talked about for a
while that has to happen this year
because otherwise I just assume what's
not happening is the BAM Tech MLB
advanced media whatever you want to call
it deal finally taking place with riot
this guy that's over a year ago that BAM
Tech and right we're gonna be teaming up
for a new viewing experience
specifically tailored for fans and that
there was going to be this big
sponsorship attached to it and all the
kind of money attached to this kind of
thing feels like now with franchises the
franchising this thing it's got to come
online and think it's gonna be really
interesting and the craziest thing about
it is I'm pretty sure everyone has
forgotten that this is supposed to be a
thing and so whenever it finally does
happen it'll be it'll be really hype
yeah not mine I wake up every morning
and I think to myself
you just can't what's in it by the way
that did you see that reddit thread just
on this topic really quickly well just a
second but did you see that right at
thread over the past week that should be
a segment by the way this this show
should have a segment just called
Sene have it did you see that reddit
thread and the the thread that's like
it's been weeks and right has said
nothing yes okay a few months ago five
days ago a few months ago riot manga
said in a response to Weldon's video
about you being left out of the 300
million dollar BAM Tech deal that the
deal absolutely includes you with an
important part of our global ecosystem
EU LCS starts in two weeks and riot has
been silent ever since guess what they
haven't said shit about vamp tech at all
so why like and it got so uploaded and
so many comments and I'm just like wow
wow like I'm gonna start making just I'm
gonna make an alt account just to farm
karma where I'm just like riot said that
there was gonna be a World Championships
in 2018 it's been two weeks and we've
heard nothing about how EU is going to
play into the World Championships host
at the right time because that was
posted like right when everyone was like
you know it's always Prost in EU prime
time we're like half of North America's
not awake yet and there's always when it
gets uploaded and then like quickly the
most uploaded comments and that thread
we're like what are you talking about
dude like no one has said anything about
North America either yeah like it's
completely in the dark yeah it's good
times I love great good times great
oldies either way let's go ahead and get
look at oka on which is going to require
a little bit of technical staff film I
throw up our our temporary page on the
screen really quickly we can add him
back into the call if we took him out
he's also on discord if you want me to
grab him first I think you continually
deed for the sub I might do that I'm
overriding me yes do whatever you need
to do
oh he's muted on here okay
well
how's everyone on twitch chat well if
you don't if you don't know we stream
this live show really show live hello
arrow hello hey what up alright so we
need you to call the travesty actually
I'm not gonna say anything can he can
you a call on to the Skype call yeah
won't I be in two things then yes and
then you'll mute yourself on on skype
okay I eat it okay cool
and can you turn your webcam on oh sure
great all right so now we'll just test
we'll check this stuff out how's your
evening going local by the way everybody
can hear you so don't say anything
offensive um my evening is going pretty
well
I finished scrim I worked a little I
still have to work a lot more but I mean
I'm talking to so my greatest friends
Travis the mark so oh great great
how come you haven't invited me to watch
scripts yet why would I invite you to
watch screen so I had a good read on the
meta and I could accurately talk about
how great you guys are gonna do look at
your t-shirt I feel like you're gonna
leave things everyone always talks about
like barky where so much liquid gear and
it's like they've given me the most free
shit give me free shit if you want me to
wear it I was walking around riot the
last two days in my twitchcon Buffalo
Wild Wings Dignitas hoodie all right
cousin is a windbreaker and it was
raining you sound pretty biased to me
I'm just saying whoever gives me clothes
I wear them yeah I'm just saying I've
ever heard Mike talk shit about tl what
jk jk alright well we've got we've got
Loco on the show now
welcome to the show loca dokgo thank you
for joining us I'm so sorry about not
having you guys that's okay that's okay
I understand
we'll talk to my people yeah thank you I
will buy them for you if you just
complain so people who have not stayed
up-to-date on
the LCS Luka dokgo is now the coach for
the golden Guardians and how's that
going local uh I mean it's like started
and it's going well
how are scrim to come through scrim
we struggle in third area if I expected
us to struggle in and we're improving a
lot so things are good okay
good marks you have any any questions
for loco before we go in and loco while
he's thinking of one maybe you can think
of something that any kind of prediction
you want to make for 2018 or any of the
things that you're most excited for for
2018 since that's kind of the theme of
this episode well for 2018 I'm excited
to see where League of Legends franchise
goes okay so I think most obvious thing
is I mean today overwatch speak is going
on and it's getting like 300 K to 350 K
viewers it's like the average LCS youth
what are they these days I feel like
they're lower they're like 250 or what
it's hard to tell whenever there were
two streams and all that kind of thing I
hopefully LCS gets a lot of viewership
franchise overall nuts with for League
of Legends for overwatch author disk
accessible I think that's like the
biggest thing on my horizon how my
team's gonna do personally and how our
leaf can do yeah I I wouldn't be too
surprised on how you guys feel if
overwatch leagues first week had better
viewership overall than LCS is first
week just because overwatch League has
been like two years in the making
whereas LCS yes there's been franchising
all this and all that but I doubt it's
as new and as much of a like oh my god I
want to see this thing that's been being
worked on forever as overwatch League
kind of has that kinda yeah I think
there's a lot of a lot of interest in
what overwatch can actually pull up pull
together and so I think people are
checking it out for sure so whereas I
think League League is going to look
more the same I mean it's starting two
hours later and and back to sort of that
old-school
best of one situation so I'm I think
there's definitely more attention
yeah you got kind of quiet Loco any idea
why I think he changes microphone yeah I
changed from the headset to my what if
it the actual mic which should be better
okay yes you sound better it's just a
little askew yeah I turn I turn Geo yeah
I jumped him up too okay so I mean I
think Marcus right if we might have
lower initial viewership but I think
leak now is much more healthier to watch
and I think the ten teams we have now
are better than the ten teams we had
before so I think LCS is gonna become
more and more exciting yeah yeah I think
it will be I think it will be
interesting for sure but we want to hear
from all of you so if you are on the
discord feel free to start typing your
opinions your thoughts of things that
you want to talk about on the show
please theme them if you can about 2018
we want to hear what you your
expectations are for 2018 make some
arguments talk about how League is gonna
die in 2018 or how it's gonna be the
best year ever for League you go ahead
look at put that in like general check
people before you yeah yeah we have a
waiting room that will pull them on okay
and if you are a sub by the way you can
you can type it in the substrat and
we'll take a look in there too and try
and pull a couple subs throughout the
show also just reminder to everyone
talking in general the text chat you
need to join the voice Channel you can
go in there mute yourself that part
doesn't matter but you need to go in
there join general so I can see you and
then I can pull you into the voice
waiting room if you're not in any of the
voice rooms I can't work so you can go
in general - I don't care but you have
to go somewhere and while we're waiting
for a couple of these answers to come in
loco I feel like one of the things that
a lot of people have said about golden
Guardians they've thought that like
going for the all North American kind of
approach is a little surprising and well
I think a lot of people expect you guys
to struggle what do you what do you
think about that kind of criticism
you've gotten I mean me no speak Korean
yeah you have a Korean speaking coach
why wouldn't you guys get some Korean
players yeah Koreans are pretty hard to
implement I mean I've been successful
it really requires the right kind of
culture and it really requires the right
kind of commitment from Korean players
there were few Korean players we were
looking at um
but either the prices didn't make sense
or they weren't that committed or we
didn't think they would be a great
culture fit so we didn't go with them I
mean there's nothing wrong with all that
eh I think all in a it's better and I
think more and more so na teens have a
higher bar on the kind of Koreans
they're willing to accept people no
longer are accepting like the mercenary
type of Korean so they want really long
term people people that would be
invested into getting better with the
team and invested into being a great
player and then they so I mean that's
kind of why yeah makes a lot of sense
alright I have someone waiting I'll go
damage here's Mike was working then
we'll move on
sure all right while we're waiting to
pull him and somebody new to the channel
our first guest
I want to shout out to a veto boss and
RV Debus so many things in Hunnam gaming
for their subs thank you guys very much
helping me recover from a couple of
weeks without hotline I am make sure you
guys sub so Travis can feed himself yeah
it's a suspect it's not cheap no they
can LA it's not cheap
the War II lost lifestyle that he has to
maintain that's true the 1m is on the
show want em where you calling from
Orlando Orlando very nice I'm sure the
weight is the weather over there okay
these days - Lee I'm like right above
Orlando there's this place called Oba
don't like it snowed for like the first
time like forever so it's a bit cold but
I'm enjoying it coz I get a wig jackets
nice Congrats man Congrats on the
jackets what do you want to talk about
for 2018 for mostly the viewership like
right like how is the LCS with
franchising coming in like is it gonna
be like this Bruce Lee no franchising
ladies and they back to be longer as
there's like hundreds and all this like
it should but consistently like grows
and it stays consistent they were they
gonna like died down over the course of
like a couple weeks or so you
so what do you think do you think that
we'll see Juan do you think that we'll
see viewership spiked this year and see
more people watching League than maybe
ever before and the NLCS just because
the new teams I think now that
especially with emotions being gone you
you you can refer a team without like
having a fear that for example it's
gonna like you're gonna get demoted to
challenge whether there's somewhere more
teams are gonna have like fan bases are
gonna grow a lot more this year
yeah more people are gonna come in from
traditional sports as well and we'll
watch LCS and I feel I do but I
personally believe and I hope I see I
love the league it's gonna grow like
exponentially this year and I feel like
they push League of Legends into like
more of the traditional sports area yeah
yeah I mean look our mark do you guys
think that this is gonna be enough to
really like it is it the fact that teams
won't get relegated anymore that will
really allow a lot more people to come
in and start watching or feel safer
rooting for a team I think that's more
about long term team is I don't think
it's like a short term people are gonna
watch cuz your favorite team can't get
relegated but now teams to build more
long-term fan bases it's really invest
into them like but this court community
um really just worked get a good fan pay
it's like maybe we go like over to UCLA
do viewing parties and stuff like that
and you can actually grow a community I
think that's what's gonna increase the
viewership more so then oh look we got
basketball team supporting us I mean
that does help but I don't know it's the
core reason why you're like we can
really like expansion well I think one
of the things that's interesting is like
if you look at last year's - viewership
statistics it wasn't that like it was
universally like down because the the
premium matchup still got a lot of views
it was like when you moved outside the
premium matches people had a lot less
incentive to watch because the games
were longer there were multiple streams
going on and there are a lot of reasons
that New Yor should would drop as a
whole so on the one hand I think in the
short term if TSM and TL play match one
and then the other good team plays match
three you don't have to wait like you
know as many hours as you used to so
hopefully more people stick around and
to Juan's point
if more teams just generally have
stronger fan bases hopefully there's
even less of a dip because everyone just
has like more fans spread across the
league yeah thank you so much for your
call one I really appreciated yeah no
problem have a good one so that's an
ethical take just sort of wondering what
the future will hold what effect the
franchise will have on viewership nine
bits in from I caffeinated who says it's
all I have Travis Bible thumb
thank you I caffeinated that's that's
one step closer to a plan check burger
as Co what tell you
ba-bang ba-bang is calling in I don't
know why you need so many bees in your
name eBay it's beeping I would believe
not the bang bang it's supposed to be
the Korean so it's a fun yeah there you
go okay bong bong
where you calling from Berkeley okay
we've had a previous Berkeley caller it
wasn't you right all right now it's my
first time okay
what a beauty Berkeley yes I do I
actually interviewed Travis earlier this
semester I wrote a paper about oh oh
really about that congratulations I hope
did you get an A on it I did in a nice
and thank you yeah yeah no worries
that's because he's Korean Travis oh
okay they have good principals unlike
those American trash you know what let's
just get into the conversation what was
here what's your take out 2018 so I
think for this year with franchising I
really want to see changes in
recruitment for teams one of the biggest
things that I was interested by was Levi
being on the Academy team 400 games and
so when I look at say like I recently
Korea I see a lot of new players like
every time like especially when you
select the Korean exodus yeah and so I
feel like for the longest time Academy
and especially collegiate I'm really
cool each it just kind of existed for
the reason honestly I want to see some
car that changes actually bring these
players into na LCS okay so I think I
can actually best answer this it's the Y
collegiate and Challenger in the past
was pretty meaningless was basically in
Challenger
you didn't want to grow players you just
wanted to get the best clear as possible
and try to get it Celsius that's what
Challenger was viable for it wasn't
viable to just maintain a challenger org
and for a lot of the collegiate leagues
their goal isn't to have good collegiate
players their goal is to have a good
collegiate eSports program for the
future and to grow the program out so
none of that for both collegiate and
Challenger their goal wasn't to grow
players now with Academy your goal is to
grow players and to turn them into LCS
players because although there's no
relegations you don't farm spots anymore
the idea of Challenger and completely
change and it's more closer to what it
should be so now you will see more
players like that and na now has 2 best
into younger talent and to grow them and
for the future so look a bit of a
follow-up question for you some ok teams
have you know used I think you have like
one veteran spot as they call it or
something and you get you veterans buzz
you can you know and then put the
veteran rule is like three years of play
so it's pretty you have to be really
better at to count against it right yeah
so what do you think about someone
signing someone like piglet or or
especially special leave I these kinds
of guys like do you think that they are
being held on to in case need to be
brought into the the LCS do you think
there's someone that people are holding
on to in case they can flip them for
from value later in terms of like
selling off or trading or do you think
it's it's also like a way to help the
Academy teams players and grow the
players alright so that's a very wide
question you asked about beef like
piglet and ex-special so I'll answer it
alright so the one I can actually
personally answer for for is a special
expecially isn't on our team to replace
Matt or threatened Matt in any way as
special is on our team to help and grow
the younger talents on academy it's
really a lot easier to have a veteran
and can show how you should behave in
game out of game during reviews and also
shall call and lead the team in the game
itself than it is to have five rookies
and also our LCS team is incredibly
young so we're not in a place where
we're looking to place players and
here or something like that so 400 even
Levi I think their eventual goal isn't
to leave I be a challenger player it
would be to grow them and either start
them on their LCS team or sell them off
to another LCS team and for piglet I
imagine it's the same thing I don't
think their goal is to have like piglet
lead Academy he hasn't been a great
leader in the past but it's more so than
she can stay a year and get his
residency and the NA ad in the future in
2019 so all three players for different
reasons
um yeah makes sense yeah Berkeley do you
think you'd what for you what is belong
what is your what is your ideal you know
a cat like team's approach to like an
academy team I feel like the wait logo
kind of broke down all those players I
think it's a pretty ideal because it
sounds a lot like baseball basically
where you keep different players for
different reasons I think keeping like
players as coaches and potentially I was
like actual replacements I think that's
all good science I'm just I'm worried
that a lot of these like kind of a team
players aren't actually gonna be
starters anytime soon was that amazing I
mean even if they aren't starters the
fact that they have chance to grow and
the fact that they have an organization
that's responsible for them and
responsible for their growth it's a lot
better than what it was like last year
for 2017 um one interesting thing is a
couple of like the mainstays that had
been challenger for a while like Peckham
Wolff who is I think not quite LCS
quality but like good for Challenger is
not on an academy team and that's as a
result of not needing to really be
competitive as an academy team and you
see people like Palafox and Tuesday and
a couple of ever like lesser-known
players getting chances now as a result
I mean it's not more so than like a need
to be competitive it is I mean you do
want to have the best Academy team
possible but right you want to invest
into people with high up sites right so
as an example for someone like Peck and
wolf um we Peck and wolf has played in
challenger for a while we know how good
a good he is and we know how much he's
improved
so maybe people aren't taking a shot on
them because they feel like a different
bit leaner might have more potential in
the future to be a start mid laner while
pecking wolf we already kind of know
what we are you have right gotcha
and stuff anything else thank you so
much for the call all right
who do we got who we got next let's see
marks down there grabbing somebody while
he's doing that I want to say thank you
to all the space names were taken for
your subscription marks back who's he
got with them no one yet there we go
yeah carnation or karna tone carnage
carnitine carnation young con carne
etzion it's fine Carnot's ii don't know
where you come from
I'm calling from Germany Germany whoo I
love it when we get the European viewers
what time is it in what time is it in
Germany it's 6:00 a.m. well thank you
for rising early I got up okay good it
sounds like you're still waking up what
did you what did you what did you want
to talk about on the show today my topic
is the change bag two bets off one yeah
because I get the liquor safer by
eliminating relegation by franchising
but I don't know the teams had to bear
the bigger teams maybe plot down a bit
because it's more random who would make
it to the playoffs because of the better
one setting yeah yeah so are you worried
are you you wish it wasn't best of one
because we'd have less randomness in the
in the playoff seedings I don't know to
be honest but because if it's a chance
for lesser-known teams or maybe better
teams I guess worth teams yeah but
it may not reflect the real strength
strength of the teams in the playoffs
then when maybe TSM well what team makes
it not to the playoffs so it's on my
English it's a good I'm gonna go well
I'll look you can go first okay I think
best of once people it's really easy to
say best of ones they're more random and
best of ones are more worse in general I
think best of ones are different and
they test different kind of skills like
how prepared you come if rewarded a lot
more so invest at once like if you have
an incredibly unique strategy or
incredibly strong level one thing it's
much more meaningful in a best-of one
and you get rewarded for innovating or
having something special prepared and
that is like a way to reward a team and
I don't think necessarily it's bad
you're testing a different kind of skill
than a bus the one that a best-of-three
I think it's very like naive to say like
best of one is just objectively worse so
I'm kind of in locos cantwell action
more way more locos camp because I was
when the best-of-three change happened I
was really excited because I personally
think best of ones can be like flu gear
and if you're trying to find who's a
better team like best of three is better
for that but I also thought when the
best of three change happened that meant
that somehow we were gonna get rid of
best of ones at international
tournaments and that never happened so
you had leagues who were playing Torrens
best of ones but never league's best of
one which is weird to me if it's gonna
be such an important skill set to be
able to compete in best of ones you
should have that in your league system
somewhere and I think if you're gonna
have that continue in the international
scene then it should be in your league
system they should somewhat mirror each
other and teams that are bad at best of
ones like yeah so what now the regular
season hasn't learned to get good
because when you go to Worlds and your
shitty best of one team you're gonna get
destroyed in group stage and there's
such a thing as good best of one teams
and bad best of one teams and if it's
gonna be important to the league
infrastructure learn to get good at them
I feel like you're thinking of a team
and you're not saying the team now I
would never like point fingers but
there's definitely a team what's the
team
I'm thinking yes of course what do you
think I just wanted you to say it you
know yeah is then I make him cut this
out as a write a thread and I read it or
cut this out as a video and says mark my
the reason CSM lost worlds the last two
years was because North America didn't
have best of once thank you that's all I
needed
there we go that's the hydrogen here's
your fucking title hundred thousand
views of YouTube here we go
alright you said TSM you sit in a
world's and best one that's all those
are four key words right there it's just
a multiplier effect because they're
booked I know how tags work on YouTube
Travis yeah thank you
corn let me ask you do you so you're in
Germany do you watch na LCS yeah a lot
more than us yes okay absolutely
so you might not really comment with
European viewers like yeah there's a
shield I can't think of a 1n a viewer
that likes you better than na but I've
had that a lot a lot of you fans like
any better yeah I will say I think we've
had a couple callers on the show from
North America who said they appreciated
your more for going further and they
liked Europe for that reason but I don't
know if they've explicitly said they
liked watching Europe more but they like
your one one month out of the 12 I'm not
sure exactly what they were saying yeah
we I don't think we confirmed it quite
right so glad I guess okay go ahead
I get the production value and they'll
see is a bit higher and watching the
ALCS is yeah more fun so we donate more
hype there's more attention in na you
care more about na you care more about
any players and you care more about it
Nate works right yeah Karn I wanted to
ask you are you aware that na LCS is
starting later now on the weekends yeah
yeah how do you feel about that because
it was that that decision was made to
help EU viewers of EU LCS is my
understanding but as an EU fan of na LCS
how does that affect you and what do you
think well I guess I'm watching even
when it's later but yeah I don't know
I mean I will watch us yes but maybe in
the background
but I'm staying up full of the MAL yes
yeah
are you bummed that it's starting later
a bit yeah but there was I mean do you
watch the analyst desk in the pods yeah
about I guess that's the time one I'm
you can get through the shitty part yeah
hey Karan thank you so much for calling
in it's always great to hear yours from
outside the US and Canada so I
appreciate you being up early and
calling in and thank you for your
subscription by the way I see that your
twitch them yeah yeah thank you yeah
have I yeah by gutentag and what every
time we have a viewer and a different
from a that goes a presumably different
language I want loco to say goodbye to
the but that yeah but how about you do
Travis you're gonna be on the show at
home it you have to say in their their
native times you have to say goodbye in
Korean tea look what's goodbye in Korean
oh we actually say bye bye a lot bye bye
okay that's easy I could do that one
fuck alright alright who's next
got one song I think it was turning
colors yeah yeah called yeah I called
once and asked about how do content
creators make money and I want extra
stops under which listen no listen I
watched Travis video he did with thorn
and two other dudes and Travis just so
you know and like the 35 minutes I got
through I am a permanent non user of
adblock oh thank you hurts just because
that video Wow I have decided to not use
adblock effort well thank you one suck
doesn't make much of a difference but
it's just you know soon as my little
difference I don't want to forget to ask
you this cuz I'm sorry I don't remember
but where are you calling from
um okay well so I'm trying to quite
basically I'm in Houston for a wedding
but I'm actually from Alabama okay is
the wedding wrong tonight is that why
you need to be quiet the wedding is
going on right now
and you're on this show instead I need
to be quiet because people who are
hosting me or asleep in the other room
so I'm trying to shut up but yeah but
yes people have never met before I'm
just kind of in their house so it's real
fun people you've never met before
yeah a friend of a friend type thing but
it's any money from getting a hotel no
yeah well it's the wedding in the middle
of the week cuz you're there and went on
Wednesday
no um we're it's on Friday and fiancees
in the bridal party so we have to do all
that crap yeah I'm saying yeah yeah yeah
yeah but anyway well congrats with a
couple and congrats to you for having me
on say that's great
uh and thank you for not using adblock
young nobleman okay so what what do you
got to talk to us about okay so two
things okay one I kind of want to ask
loco something he's got to take me
through juggling 101 okay okay okay so
all right do not get this is a rant why
people thinks offense caring is good
okay Wow okay listen listen
I am a listen I'll admit it you know I'm
a DSM can say whatever but listen listen
okay jungling 101 right okay tell me if
this is right when you invade if you
have a winning lane you push up right
you make them stay under Tower right and
then you have first room to help your
John learn babe right
is that like jungling 101 that's
invading 101 of you have priority and
then you can move first and then thank
you going there okay okay explain to me
how not in international stage but in
North America explain to me how he
constantly got first blooded like seven
out of nine games in a row with bjergsen
and devils literally and honestly
haunts or to like pretty much every game
TSM won two out of three lanes if not
three out of three
yeah explain to me have somebody can
keep getting credit for being a good
jungler and dying first blood every
single game okay okay well you think a
lot of hyperbole right like you're
saying okay well three lanes um she died
every single time so we don't have the
actual thought for that so we don't know
but it was like seven or eight in his
wouldn't rate was I think about close
to 50% not on Lisa you remember her that
little run he had I remember I remember
even on marks on gelt I remember you
guys been talking about it he was like 9
1 on Lisa and then on every other
champion it was like a sub 50% one right
so election best I should mean ran but
yeah I actually did a video on c9 and
their roster and yeah I watched a little
bit of what I thought about spending
there yeah Rick frequently dies
cuz there's AI personally I think it's
cuz he doesn't track the enemy jungler
that well and not sure about where enemy
jungler is and they should invade it and
then he got killed or his lanes are
telling him he can they can move so
there's their friends between I can move
right now and I can move right maybe
though I honest II don't know it is like
a puzzling thing White Fence Karen died
so often I think someone inside TSM
could probably give you a better answer
that I can that's fine I just kind of
okay so that's just that's just sort of
my opinion second bit okay there's my
only last thing then I'll go I think as
far as Power Rankings side note my thing
with best of ones why are people
sleeping on the aggro junglers like I
think dar doc is so good in a be a
one-person the bo3 like I think agro
junglers have repeatedly shown to be
inferior and big best us but our King's
investment ones where would you play
Star doc and what is it your
high-ranking uh I don't mean when I say
like I think other junglers better but
like I think in a best of one he climbs
like top four really just in the best of
one sense like oh because like here's my
thing like it's just literally the
snowball effect but that's all it is
that's basically all I'm saying is
because dar dog in life go back like all
the examples of like okay so like famous
aggro junglers right rush was got off on
via Fox granted the new new pit kind of
is fair rush god-awful Bo fives even
when he had like the kindred vacancy not
often denko's and EU right best earner
in EU pretty much by
noticed sucks and vo fives and in like a
guy who I think is like a top three
jungle or in the world peanut right even
to his credit blank was one who had to
come in and those be a fives and saved
SKT mm like agro junglers are kings in
best of ones and I feel like people are
so sleeping on that
like I'm still treating it as a bay of
three as that's just sort of my life
things and so that's why I'm kind of
like I don't know like I think y'all
have a decent shot but I'll give you
credit for like I mean I think honestly
on paper yo do you have a really bad
roster just being honest you can prove
me wrong but I think you have a really
good drunk ler and like a really
aggressive shot caller and like how high
does things and I think it best of one
no should never be slept on alright I
think people don't credit that enough
that make sense yeah there was a really
nice worth and I'll try to answer your
question best as possible I actually
worked with a lot of junglers and I
personally have worked with star dogs so
I think I'm in a good position to answer
thank you I mean all custom-made
playoffs without me be coaching him so
Oh
loco response here so you say agro
junglers and buy a grows on Blairs I
don't think you mean aggressive junglers
that like champ playing champions like
Lisa and Italy and stuff like that this
year yeah
one thing you have to realize is
basically just how your mind works as a
person you're gonna remember them
invading and doing incredibly well
you're gonna remember all those moments
incredibly well and there's gonna be a
lot of time for they fail and they just
faceplant and you're not gonna remember
it's just not gonna stay in your mind
all right
so best of once yes they can play
aggressive jumbles and yes if they get a
lead they could snowball um but these
junglers a lot of times aren't the most
cerebral actually in my personal opinion
the best best of one jungler is rain
over rain over is some of those
incredibly theory bro link
prep brows really well
I can think of what the enemy team will
do and have a very very good prep for it
especially when it's she knows what side
he's gonna play on and he knows which
tumbler he's gonna face he could do a
lot of research and do a range is better
than everybody
yes but it's not a restyle istic thing
it's more of it he's just better best
iliyan better yeah once reward really
good prep extremely and I don't think of
dar doc as someone that preps really
well dart off someone that's very
explosive so much if he has a good shot
to take over the game and a best of one
he also has a great shot to just blow
the game in the best one he's more about
coin flip and you're remembering a lot
of times where he landed heads and
forgetting a lot of the time he tail I
think the coin flip though here's my
thing though okay I think the coin flip
gets punished at best of three right
like okay like here's another example
okay Akkadian use Akkadian I think it
was like summer 2016
okay I think it was that just discipline
okay echo fox was like seven and one in
their game ones but in their best of
threes they were like three and four or
something like that for like three and
five however the math was okay and
basically that was when Akkadian getting
first blood by every single game he was
killing it but then as a best-of-three
went on right like you kind of were able
to check it avian and then the fact that
echo fox had worse players and every
role just kind of caught up I dare rise
up truth to what you're thinking
aggressor Eckler and take over a game
but if you I don't think necessarily
they're like more favored and a best-of
one like okay well press their
well-prepped
like or defensive or control junglers
can have just as much of a showing once
all right once like sorry I have to cut
you off cuz we have to move on to
another caller but okay that's cool no I
do I do think it's it's nice to have
kind of this conversation about what the
strength of the different ending LCS
junglers will be because obviously we're
gonna see a lot of it'll be a different
game once you go from best of threes to
best ones so thanks so much for calling
in let's look at the wedding appreciate
that's how you say Buy in Alabama is
that true so true yeah okay I like said
like stars and bars or something I think
with the reignover points interesting
just because he's also pairing up with
Tony who I think a lot of people hold in
high regard as being like one of the
best Preppers out there in terms of like
finding unique level ones and starts and
things like that yeah that's awful my
video about coz I don't watch your
videos look what just came on the show I
feel like as you would know for my video
on TSM my video on clutch gay week if
you check out my video for this it's
like he's just pumping that shit's good
alright put them in chat as you as you
kind of like well if you saw this video
leaking this a chat right now you could
check out the youtube description where
I'm sure Travis will post it as well
thank you do FTL ft boy BL 54 for the
sub syrup boy 24 Wrath of Khan and
mellow jello 100 for the subs appreciate
it all you subs are wonderful people you
get access to emotes by the way there's
new emotes there's a mark face now a
cool version of me and a Kel be
committed to mark face emote oh my god
your relationships a lot more serious I
have a scar emote too or I'm in scars
emote list as well yeah yeah Zephyr is
during the show Zephyr where you come
from I'm from Canada Canada okay there
am i pronouncing her name correctly so
far so far I'm sorry like Jafar from
Aladdin
yeah it rides but not related okay not
really it so you're not an evil you're
not a genie how her hungry genie no okay
I guess he wasn't a genie he became yeah
yeah well I mean they're talking about
Aladdin - or 11:3 because than that he
is a genie is anyone ever talking about
those when they talk about Aladdin you
know I think they're underrated so far
what are you calling it to talk about I
I've seen a lot of stuff on reddit and
stuff where people are saying golden
Guardians are gonna be bottom two or
worse the league I don't think they'll
be bottom two I think optic will be the
worst and I think it'll be a similar
situation to it's a fly quest last year
where I shot calling will kind of bring
the teams together and
like this this energy will kind of like
outshine a lot of other rosters who will
kind of be chaotic and haven't kind of
got their shit together yes this would
have been a more interesting call if you
called it and you'd been like Golden
Gardens isn't gonna be bottom - they're
gonna be bottom one this team stuck so
that you know I do think other teams
have higher ceilings and that they'll
flop later on which which which like act
like fly quest wasn't in the bottom in
their first split like they went like
seven and out but then they went like
Boeing seven something I just love when
people talk about feelings you know what
a feeling is feeling if Ferrari sitting
in your garage like in the history of
League of Legends there's very very few
times where a team can't beat another
team because they're feeling isn't high
enough legal legends teams and due to
how teams are and do legal doesn't being
an effort but in perfect game it matters
so much more regarding your floor than
your ceiling like honestly this is a
question to mark and to Travis and the
viewer and the caller is like one has
feeling been a problem for a team like
legitimately just answer me that
question this team did not do well
because they're dealing with too low not
because of therefore I think in regular
season that has been the case playoff
give me an example where a team cuz
they're feeling wasn't high enough they
could not win not cuz of their floor I
would have to think more on it but I bet
there has been some example we're like
one team just like there's really no
chance like you're not gonna out
Laimbeer yeah I'm certainly not the the
guy but like the floor not being able to
Lane it's a floor thing feeling it's
like cuz he wasn't as good as like
feeling it's so such a dumb constant and
it's so unrealistic that steam plays out
it's hundred percent it's more so every
team it's playing out it's like 60
percent 70 percent and the higher you
can get to a hundred percent matters so
much yeah but I think that's the point
is like you have a water balloon yeah
that can hold like a hundred pounds like
I'm not saying the water balloons gonna
get to a hundred pounds but it's capable
it might get to eighty or ninety
whereas like another water balloon can
only hold 50 pounds it also won't get
250 pounds but it's only gonna get 240
or something even if they're all what
the majority of the problem is even
before going 250 pounds the water
balloons popping majority really water
yeah if popping before it's going to 50
pounds right right 99% of the case and
legal legends like another way to put it
is that like it sits there ceilings are
but they're also raising their floor as
the season as the split goes on so they
start with the low floor because they
haven't played together they don't have
synergy and then as they claim board
together their floor raises so it's more
of an elevator this is this is a really
abstract way of people saying that they
don't see a world where golden Guardians
playing at their best ever beats TSM
assuming that their balloon hasn't
fucking exploded completely maybe not
this split all right maybe not this foot
but in the future what if it we can
definitely get up there and we can grow
and the fact that we have potential for
our players to consistently grow like
feeling honestly doesn't matter and it's
just a quick question
again cuz I'm not the analysts guy so
I'm just being everyman and asking this
question but like a team like NV last
year I think a lot of people felt like
with the exception of Lyra a lot of
those players weren't like like they had
low skill ceilings IP a lot of people
would say Apollo being guilty like their
problem with fair can't fucking teleport
properly but you can't kill them Lane
more kind of problem it's not because
sheriff if mechanic is not 99 out of 100
we're losing is we can't perform basic
tasks that we can't function as a team
that's a floor problem not a feeling
problem you know I just wanted to ask
the question and I just wanted to find
out you know feels like I'm in breaking
point right now so far do you have do
you have any any other questions you
bring up oh I mean I mean some phone so
I think they're gonna place first the
split and I think they'll be pretty well
at MSI I think part of it is they like
part who's a good coach but he is more
systems based where a song is more about
strategy as well as mithy it so I think
that experience and knowledge will bring
like a different aspect that they
haven't had other than like
you're just grinding and like getting
better at the game that way or like
Reggie space knowledge like I think the
knowledge the main theme song bring what
kind of challenge this guy's takes I
like them I think yeah I think TSM will
probably finish number one as well I
think the parth
song thing is worth noting I don't know
how like involved parts will be because
I talked to him a little bit and it
doesn't sound like he's gonna be that
involved at all he's just general
manager he's just man literally managing
like hey the sponsor needs us to do this
thing at this time can I do yeah I've
heard some people talking about like the
two of them combined like part the
systems guy song this guy was like I
don't think we think parth really
factors into the skill of the team
anymore because it's easily not on that
hard gen part will do whatever TSM need
them to do is right to be more involved
will be more involved if they're
functioning and being first and doing
well then part will take a step back
yeah but I remember loco I think I was
listening to something you're doing last
week or the week before where you're
saying songs and like most like Korean
Korean coach yeah I did like he's not
very good at Korean coaches aren't very
good at using support structures and so
I don't know how that would go and see
like Support Analyst or I think mr.
coach I see Fung will work really well
with love boy I think one thing that yes
I mean this is my from my personal
conversations gsm picked the head coach
and they allowed the head coach to pick
up the kind of stuff they want and I'm
sure Lost Boy was also someone that yes
I wanted to pick up but I think Tom will
work well with fluff boy yeah so by the
way oh s--- OCE grub and the twitch chat
i need to find the egg Reb says TSM fans
say this every fucking year omegle all
in response to your statement that you
think he has some is gonna look good
this year is a far what what about this
year and they're always in the final
black is a or we won both lift last year
yeah the word that he FM has ever done
was like they're the first and it seems
to win three splits in a row first NEC
I'm not saying that he's over the same
year but I think the question of will it
what TSM has struggled on the
international stage that can be proven
of domestic dominance do you think as a
TSM fan that this year what that will
change and if so why
or if not why I'll pose it to you so far
I guess was the beginning of last year
was when they had the clusterfuck of
yellow star certified no yeah yeah the
yellow star and lack of look okay I
can't even remember the other two guys
names but like fan and fan in a hot
serve beer double eternal is the the
coaches Oh
what's our tenth charge him with luck
yeah I mean they were given the best
situation well like I mean it just that
was terrible and so and then kind of uh
what is it
parth had to step in it it was just it
was just not well organized and so I
think I think having like not only a
coach who's super knowledgeable about
the game and is very focused on strategy
but also like play like mithi who's like
no suit to be super knowledgeable if
game like every news talks about Matthew
says he's super smart and actually also
like the thing Reggie brought up in that
it's easy to teach a player who doesn't
know about the game about the game but
it's hard to get a player who doesn't
talk to talk and so the fact that Mike
Young is a rookie this is whatever like
oak grove but the fact that he likes to
talk in game I think is really good and
I don't think they've had a situation
where almost everyone communicates will
see my final thoughts on this was if you
read the the players Tribune article by
double if that was very interesting was
like if you want to put it plainly they
just choked at worlds like he said the
attitude was around the atmosphere was
wrong everyone felt scared
he felt like anxiety was in the air like
they choked and you can see us the
coaching staff for not stepping up you
can say it's the captain's the the
veterans on the team whatever it was and
that's kind of scary to think about for
your TSM Fink because it means like
someone on the new guys that you brought
in it's probably gonna need to step up
because they haven't done it before
maybe that song who knows and then what
was interesting is if you compared that
to the article of team liquids dota team
that won the international after losing
in the first round and having to sweep
through losers bracket like they
that their captain who's like this
really quiet guy we just like scream
before the games to like ant people up
because he felt like they felt like they
the read on the teams was exactly the
same but in doublelift case no one
stepped up to get them out of their funk
and in the team liquid example this dude
like we just go apeshit so that they
couldn't be scared I can't imagine parth
ever yelling it anyway so far thank you
lord I'm saying like does TSM have
someone like now that can actually lead
the team yeah I think we'll find out
that's that's there isn't our hope think
just one I'm looking forward to mark
being back on the desk because I really
like sorry it's a far a good time you
know I was also the one who who's making
those GOC weekly oh and so you you
promote mark on the endless desk and
then you're promoting another show
goodbye so far good talking to you
look what were you gonna say just cuz I
like this conversation
what Oh dad I I forgot my train of
thought don't worry about it okay he is
probably gonna promote another show or
something on loco let's lose yeah GSM
edition coming out later this week guys
woohoo alright back to sharing that subs
mellow jello sub reset for 2 months
thank you so much and then naked
homeless man has reset for 2 months the
impressive thing here he's naked and
homeless and yet he still came back for
the second month really appreciate the
dedication there he goes to the library
with the money that he gets on the
street yeah I don't know how he's
feeding that into the twitch maybe the
library and twitch have some deal we got
like mobile PayPal PayPal now you can
like like an ATM PayPal basically yeah
Rico suave a twitch sub speaking of
twitch subs is to the channel is now
joining us Rico suave where are you
calling from
calling from New York City New York City
nice how do you say goodbye in New York
City it's probably very fair enough fair
enough
what do you want to talk about
talk about how hyped up I am about this
deceit I mean this split how you have
coming into this but like you have on
Gordon Guardian golden Guardians aka
Golden Warriors
and coach gaming aka Cavaliers coming
into the eSport scene now you have
nature clutches on brandade clutches the
Rockets this would be to be clear but
nadeshot the caps yeah
nadeshot who created 100 teams now going
against his former team optic gaming
this is just interesting to see you know
like storyline being developed now I
guess cuz there's that don't really talk
smack they're kind of just hype up the
game like for example Reggie sometimes
no talk smack but then he later on says
oh no I'm just kidding
so long do you want this yeah go ahead
sorry to sidetrack but look hey did you
see what he tweeted about how TS if TSM
loses to golden Guardians he will do X
and it was like fill in the blank
yeah for Twitter responses did you fill
one in yeah he'll buy me a Tesla yeah no
I mean I think your point is it's nice
to hear from just a hype caller is there
anything in particular that you're most
hyped for Rico from where I heard this
but like somebody kind of made the
suggestion of like having like that one
negative like um I'm just like turning
everybody down saying oh no you're wrong
this is where you're wrong that kind of
stuff but it's just change cuz you know
besides it being the best of three
making it very boring or the past two
splits now that we are back to best of
ones Thor line going on I feel like it's
gonna develop there's something worth
watching and you know try to keep up
with loco who do you think who do you
think will be the most interesting new
rivalry and then Rico let me kill you
she'll kill vs TSM is
it was tight because it's like the
biggest one and cuz feel G in a way like
downgraded or side graded their roster
so they get like knocked off the block
and then see all like uber upgraded
their roster SS getting kicked from TSM
going on to TL I think that ribry is
the most obvious and the most hyped I
pretty sure right feels that way too cuz
they made the first match versus GSM
yeah Rico Hoosier what's he reading for
next year or this well I'm gonna have to
disagree with loco I think now the co T
vs TSM rivalries back up cuz the new
roster they have like with oh my god you
know he was decent but Rayna was a huge
huge upgrade being gone and from what
I'm understanding about bio frost being
a little bit more of a shot-caller like
it's just I forgot what I heard this one
but when you have rain when you have
jungle and supports energy it kind of
just one more are you a seal chief M
Rico yeah I'm a huge fan I'm glad I'm
happy for the team I'm a little bit
worried about worlds though just because
I don't think they haven't been exposed
enough there yet
yeah are you are you not worried about
losing another star player in a promote
and emotional either and I in-game
leader well yeah horse but you're gonna
have to like part ways with that like
you can't revolve your whole entire team
on one person eventually you have to
like they'll develop and making like a
new captain which I'm kind of hoping
darshan could be that person you guys
have you guys picked up brain over who's
a jungler that's very dependent on his
solo laner if doing well and get
snowballing solo laners Fiocchi solos
had one of the worst early games on out
of all the top team classified aren't
you worried about reignover pairing up
with them no
this is this is coming from a very
biased opinion I person believe that if
a jungler I personally believe that a
junglers job is to give all the leaners
a head you know a head start so you
never can just give that to darshan or
who he then I not worried about her so
many years at all hey Rico you mentioned
the start of this that we'd see :
Guardians come in with Golden Warriors
and Rockets come in with clutch but
you're actually you're CLG fan you're in
New York and CLG now is owned by MSG
which obviously is is the New York
sports guys there does that does that
affect your interest in CLG love co g as
franchise and all the players because
like you know like lovey dovey team like
you know friendship is gonna conquer
everything kind of thing I actually
enjoyed it yeah thanks man hey thank you
so much for the call
looking forward to seeing how all the
teams do this coming here and thanks for
sure until T first TL second oh boy okay
okay where you place it Murray retaining
golden Guardians golden Guardians top
six six you are in playoff good man yeah
thank you so much Rico I will say I
don't think the TSM CLG rivalry is gonna
be fuego I think the hundred thieves one
will be just they play each other day
200 the use for CLG of week 1 and it's
like afro versus his former team was the
roster move good you know which team's
gonna be better and I I think that's
gonna be really fun to watch all season
long
yeah I think I think that'll be
interesting I also I'm excited for the
optic verse nadeshot thing yeah nuts on
inspiring team this year yeah go on and
they aren't that's my opinion
okay why why do you feel that way
where's the star part where's the
fissure what was the goal of putting
these players together so a common
comment that we get regarding golden
Guardian says like you guys just have
shit players which I don't think is true
at all well we had a direction that we
wanted to take and the kind of players
that we were looking for and we put that
together for all dick it feels very
ragtag yeah right hey we got paper
we got paper bat on the show right now
paper bat where you come from I'm
calling from Seattle Washington from
Seattle okay we're gonna turn you down a
little bit cuz you're a little at it how
are things going in Seattle oh it's
raining all the time yeah but like I was
in Chicago for break so that's pretty
nice can't complain yeah cuz uh and
would you rather be in Southern
California right now see what you say
sorry you cut out shit yeah I would
definitely want to be there I mean
there's no fires good because I was
young Kelpie today was bitching about
how California sucks moved to Seattle
it's amazing well ah screw that okay
paper bet what's your question for us
would you want to talk about oh yeah so
it's it's a little less of a question
and more of a conversation starter if I
have it at my own opinion well who
talked at the beginning about what we
sort of viewed for 2018 and I think that
some changes the analyst desk would be
fantastic
not because they aren't getting Howie
marking up good points but it's that
it's just kind of boring and it becomes
this waste or this time sink in between
games yeah where I put the stream on
mute I go to the bathroom I make food
whatever it is and I think that given
how much personalities there are in the
casters there's a good way to turn this
into something interesting and that way
is to replace mark with the casters
right oh what a great idea I didn't even
think of that
yeah why do you what do you find boring
about the analyst desk I actually think
it's one of the most interesting parts
you have like people giving opinions on
like what they thought about the game
what teams could have done differently
where casting is more of just telling
the story and telling what's happening
in the game I actually find analyst a
super interesting
than with mark talks we're working on
that okay I think that the first thing
to say is that I definitely watch a lot
of me watching League is I just love how
it's so flashy I'm not someone who gets
down and deep and is looking through all
these stats and realizing why some teams
are better or worse than others so maybe
the analyst desk was never I'm tailored
towards me however I love watching like
supplemental content for football so I
think that there is still a place for
like a casual fan and I think the the
key is to break up like the time at the
analyst desk where sure you recap the
game but also know that there's gonna be
all this like talk on reddit afterwards
and we do like or we do riot does the
breakdown so I think that having
something like board bets where people
on the analysts on the desk make like
friendly bets in the one I said as an
example is maybe oh afternoo has the
most supports most assists as support
for the season or oh I think Team Liquid
won't lose an inhibitor vs. TSM in the
first match from just these things that
sort of add another thing to root for in
the game and for your favorite
personalities hope sob bring some
interest are you making the or that mark
I mean I agree to an extent like
obviously the analyst desk isn't for
everyone and how it's been in the past
has been much more focused on people who
want to like hear what the thoughts on
the game were not just like be
entertaining for the bigger scope of
users like viewers you know it wasn't
like trying to entertain everybody it
was trying to entertain loko apparently
know like the people who sit and watch
the analyst desk are people who did not
get up and go pee and get another piece
of pizza and stuff like they're the
people who want to hear more so I think
we were trying to give more in-depth
look at things and if you want to go
flip over to the other stream to keep
watching the game or whatever it was
that was pretty easy to do but I do
think it fell prey to becoming pretty
repetitive and that's a lot of the same
strategies were talked about I
interrupted you so I apologize
the fuck up now Jesus it's like the
collar dude likes more of the
entertainment
his name is paper bat loca Duke okay
looks like paper bad looks like work
likes more of the entertainment aspect
of an analyst says and/or like fun parts
than the analytical part or the
strategical part which is completely
fine on it watch Liga legend for
different things I mean I have not
enjoyed an analyst desk as much and
every was gonna say it's because Peter
but as much as I did back in the day
whenever it was like Monty Monty and
Peter and krepo and all those guys like
making fun of each other and crumbs
doing little CLG hat or a boat thing
that felt lost it's like there's just so
many good moments there and I think
analyst desk is much more like it took
it is part of a bigger trend that I've
seen the LCS take year-over-year where
it's gotten like it feels like it's got
more and more serious more and more like
formulaic here's like the serious
analysis of this thing and and I think
there's a place for that in the analyst
test you can still have that but I think
sort of I think more taraskin Monty was
one of the best analyst legal legends
have ever had he knew the game very well
he invested a lot of time into it and he
was very entertaining he was okay the
question there was you know he was a
showman which i think is something that
you can say went down and I think more
people on the analyst desk got focused
on being right than they were about
being a showman yeah was something that
like I tried to do more of during like
the the play in stage we're like I got
the burger and I ate a burger and I
started doing like the bwoop shit cuz
like I feel like you just need more are
you spinning a box-cutter loco it's it's
a ceramic box cutter but yeah way it
seems dangerous uh-huh
d monetized D monetized but yeah I think
I think Monty was a great showman I
think that's something now that everyone
has to cuz before like I said dual
stream people didn't have to watch the
analyst desk but now that like it's
single stream and this I I know I want
to make sure that like we bring some of
the showmanship and the fun back to it
is the box cutter it all related to your
new coaching techniques on golden
Guardians
no it's it's a ceramic box cutter you
can't even really cut stuff with it okay
well don't try to show me that I I have
one question for you look Oh who's the
better analyst jet or Monte Cristo I
want youth a better entertainer God
probably knows more about okay game okay
let me stop you right there it explained
how jet is the better it's a mean I
remember the whole oh yeah yeah yeah I
took this one to bring up though to look
at okay so when you're talking about how
the analyst desk has its place and how
its really you really enjoy it because
of what it brings to the table yeah
however if we view 2018 is this big new
franchise season where we're gonna bring
in lots of new fans don't you think
they'll fit more in lines with sort of
where I'm coming from versus the
hardcore league fans and players that
were already looking for that level of
detail so here's a really interesting
thing for you to think about for let's
say 100 people watch football how many
of them do you think actually play
football and know football strategies on
an in-depth level a very small amount
very very few let's say a hundred people
watched League of Legends how many
people do you think actively play league
of legends and know the legends on a
strategical level or have played league
of legends in the last week probably
like 80 and 90 percent yeah so the
traditional analysts afford traditional
sports caters to a different audience
than the desk for league of legends does
for the League of Legends fan base
traditional sports suck Chavez in here
anything loco said and just her
traditional sport your viewer base
interact with legal legend very
differently than the pure beef for
football interact with football I feel
like the analyst desk on traditional
sporting things are boring and I feel
like the analyst desk for any LCS lately
has been boring well I think I think the
thing we want to avoid the most this
season is repetitiveness because I feel
like that's where the boringness comes
from like when you go in depth and it's
really analytical in a game where it
should be like great and then
times like you know we had two streams
going on we were watching it we pulled
the most important moments we grabbed
the thing we just like kind of like
start defaulting and I think that's the
big focus is getting rid of the kind of
feel like that there is such a thing as
like this is the default analyst desk
you know now mark I want to throw it
over to you in this replay brought to
you by a Sara predator by Acer what do
you think of what yes
it just it yeah and you can still do
replays but you can have more fun with
them like you know call to call it like
like you know like branded as like the
stupid replays where instead of like a
replay where we're like this guy comes
in a great timing on this you're just
like what the hell was billy boss doing
teleporting two feet you know those
kinds of things yeah like like when it's
a funny replay like be funny with it and
stuff like that yeah all right well they
ray thank you so much paper bat for
calling in I hope your hold it down in
Seattle and thanks for the analyst desk
conversation because I actually think
that was a pretty good one no problem
guys yeah
there we go this is more analyst
discussion than we're gonna get I think
in the all the rest of the episodes of
this year the real Jay smooth a sub
thank you so much for that
Cory Lulu gifted us up to risen Lazarus
always a good thing if you have a friend
or a significant other that's coming up
a birthday or holiday or something feel
free to sub them so my channel Massey is
here how's it going Massey where you
calling from I'm called from Sydney
Australia
woohoo okay wait could you say some more
words cuz it doesn't sound like you're
an Australian accent g'day mate okay
perfect we verified you great fantastic
a local quick look up how you say
goodbye in Australian what thanks for
calling in what time is it there 5 p.m.
oh great okay so we're primed coming up
on prime time Australia time what what
did you want to talk about
I reckon cloud9 has the best on paper
Rasta oh and your reckoning too so
that's a big deal
so why cloud nine because loco made a
grown their bottom full or their core
three that they're keeping from last
season with Jensen sneaky and smoothy I
think
like top three in their top two all top
two in the rules I agree with you
hundred percent I just think we sneaky
it might be top two is a bit hard to
argue but then it's unproven MNH might
not do it for and the other one
definitely is double I think there's
definitely an argument for top to but
all right going yeah I gray a great talk
to is a good argument but and I also
think Spence Karen was top two as well
and with the medic coming up I feel like
there's gonna be lots of tank play so
licorice doesn't have as much room to
get bashed on by all these Korean top
laners so there is potential for a lot
of carry play in top lane and licorice
is good but I think it's really hard to
say c9 has a has the best roster on
paper so on paper is when everything
goes well right and then it does how
good is that team if everything goes
well for TSM and TL I think it's very
fair to say that they have the better
roster on paper but I do think Fein I
know it's a good shot and I think
licorice is good yeah I just feel like
yeah you look I I assume you guys have
screamed against cloud nine a little bit
and Jack's been very vocal that
screamers have been going well has
licorice like impressed you thus far are
you hyped for him coming into the league
if you've played him oh we did play them
but I'm not sure if they were using us
up because they had their name blades
yeah
they don't they had two people yeah
doctor told me they were you think I
thought but I forgot if it was for talk
but I did play against licorice a lot
and Challenger I think he's pretty
obvious ready and I think he's good but
I mean you're asking a lot out of a
rookie licorice came up to me at the New
Year's Eve party introduced himself and
said hi I'm licorice I've watched her
interviews before I just wanted to
introduce myself no other pro player has
ever done that all right I have to find
these people I say I introduced myself
they're like yeah I've seen your shit
whatever this guy he's my pick for this
year
he said when you're doing an interview
with him hopefully the first the first
week
I'd love to when he proves that c9 is
the best team on paper yeah so wait so
Loco who would you you made a groaning
noise about this to you do you feel
there are other teams that are that are
more deserving of the best team on paper
yeah okay he said that already
Travis come on I'm sorry I missed it I
was lining up that joke about licorice
and Massie you don't think that you
disagree with the TLT or something I
just feel like Mike Young's gonna get
turned into another wood but I mean I
guess it's a meme at this point that
like Spence Karen's such an aggressive
jungler and I feel like cloud annoying
upgraded so much over contracts I think
contracts was like really overrated and
it was inconsistent at times I feel like
you dare have a bad about contracts
I think overrated like he's still
amazing I think contracts is top four
but like I think it was inconsistent of
points in like there were games where
he's solely carried cloud night but then
there were games where it was like he
was the weakest link by far
hey Massie thank you so much for calling
in throw another shrimp on the barbie I
don't I don't know I got nothing dingo
ate my baby yeah there's an egregious
Colin and how these ignorant Americans
might fuck okay have a good one you to
say yeah all right
coming up on the final 20 or so minutes
of the show
I asked six who's also in chat another
LCS coach what he thinks of licorice and
he said he's a little middle-of-the-pack
at the moment I think he'll do better
with experience so so six by the way who
is always on the show or in the chat
never wants to call in never wants to be
on the show and does everything he can
to dodge interviews but guess what
he has to do an interview with me
tomorrow 36 I'm coming for you I'll see
you tomorrow at 2:00 because Nick Allen
told him he has to that's great
yeah I'm being friends with someone's
boss pretty nice huh yeah exactly I'm
gonna go do an interview with some of
the seals you guys tomorrow so and six
will be one of them no spoilers but okay
look he's
he's baby raging in the in the chat all
right got a couple more calls left Cody
I know that feel when your boss makes
you do content with draaga's yeah look I
didn't want to be able to show today but
based hunter no I'm just kidding
Cotter where he called from I'm calling
from st. Louis Missouri st. Louis
Missouri how are things in st. Louis uh
well the weather's been really cold for
a long time but there's this nice blue
outbreak that got to me so I've been
yeah if I can't talk as well as I might
okay nice well hopefully hopefully the
downtime lets you you get excited hype
for LCS I do like by the way that by the
end of these episodes I feel like I can
do a weather map of all sorts of areas
around the US Connor and a second look
who's gonna get off his phone so that he
can catch your aunt your question or
your topic but what would you like to
bring up I I honestly think that na
easily makes it out of groups this year
at Worlds okay I almost think we make I
think we might make semis I just think
we na gained a lot of talents this
offseason so well so we've made it out
of groups every year or for the last two
years so doing that isn't necessarily an
improvement but do you feel like we'll
have more than one team make it out or
do you mean all the teams I think I
think that's more I mean I think there's
new me at least two teams that make it
out of groups this year I think we go
past quarters because we've been capped
at quarterfinals this year okay I just I
see a lot of new talent that's great
yeah well you're lighting up our twitch
chat like maybe no other caller has so
far so what yeah go ahead and make your
argument you said you said a lot of
talent but can you expand on that yeah I
mean like we got we've caught out a lot
of the players that were like just you
know didn't perform very well
Seraph was one that comes to my mind
really quickly I just being bad that's
you know Seraph in Tori all of these
players I got memed golden glue a lot
teamliquid lock roster I'm looking at I
have the rosters pulled up so I don't
say something stupid
sure um I should yeah I system yeah also
we signed a lot of like the top you
talent so sorry you we kind of just like
stole from you guys but I think I don't
know and the format of any LCS kinda
goes towards it to you
with it being best ones now and that's
how worlds is kind of played I mean a
lot of people disagree with you because
they would say that we're gonna have a
lot less practice because we won't have
as many games and all that kind of thing
do you you disagree with that Connor I
think the majority of I mean if I'm not
mistaken about how horns work but I
still think they're gonna get a lot of
scrims in and that's where a lot of
their practice comes in well I can't I I
don't see them getting they might have
less time on stage you know then - uh no
I would love to ask loco doke about that
how important do you think best of three
regular season stage time was to a
team's overall practice important plank
you learn a lot on stage do you think
it's the kind of thing that where like
you would look at the change from best
of three the best of one and be like
this is actively bad for North America
to the point where we'll have tangible
negative results for our region no I
don't think it's gonna make that big of
a ripple no way so there you go it sucks
I agree it's not as nice as best of
three but it's not and no one should
lose internationally and come back and
say well I fuck our region's best of 120
told me to put the box cutter down I'm
doing that
use the him and not me yeah I mean
interesting hey Connor
so one thing you mentioned was at 18
they're gonna get out of groove because
there's so much talent I feel like
Korean teens upgraded their roster and
China has been consistently getting
better and then weeding out Korean
imports and going all Chinese for a lot
of teams actually strength strength
strength since a lot of the teams and he
you ever
people say it's the end of you they lost
that much talent but they you wrote
Keith right up and replace them very
well
so it's not any competing words with na
and he's competing versus these other
reasons you think the up craves that na
bait is gonna put them over cuz you're
not considering what the other reasons
are doing or how they got better
yeah I'm I'm not gonna lie I don't I
don't follow
other regions too closely I just I took
I took I take a look at these like do
you think yeah I guess I guess that's
where I have to say I mean for some
reason like I have this gut feeling that
the week two curses droppings like you
know that's always the big means the
week two I haven't got feeling when
that's gonna stop you kind of white week
two curse happens for any I mean it's
it's an attitude thing it they get cocky
it has to be different for different
things and it usually gets the shit on
or na doesn't like they do decent but I
don't think they do well enough to get
cocky I don't think that's the reason
look Oh what do you think is the reason
why team Sunday well second week so I
don't think Korea or China naturally are
very like water strategically about
League of Legends but they're more
unified and they're more one voice and
it's a lot easier to adapt with one
voice telling you what to do more for
than a lot of democratic approach that
na usually takes hmm so do you
here's a question for you loco so it
sounds like you disagree with Connors
assessment that na will perform better
worlds this year and the potential to
but I think if the reasonings are bad
yeah I think locos saying it's not due
to roster moves if we perform better
closely so what loco what do you think
would allow na to perform better this
year at Worlds I mean better coaching
and more structure but na the power for
player versus coaches is very shifted
towards players in general right now and
is that why you have a box cutter
I know I think our team actually I love
coaching our team our team gives me the
respect I feel like I deserve and I love
being here I would never hunt them with
a box cutter oh you think the police are
gonna watch this it wasn't me officer
yeah I said two months ago yeah I think
he's worried that hunter or somebody at
home state worried he's like uh though
didn't you see the part where I said
explicitly I would never cut them with a
box cutter no I think what will allow
any to do better at world which is
somewhat happening already
if good any Talent not having jobs on
LCS so it's someone like well I guess
frog is a bad example you sound a talent
but someone like frog in not having a
job and a lot of that na player slot
having a job when there is more capable
players than there is plus there's
competition for this bus and when
there's competition for this bus the bar
rice is up more and more so and as we
invest more into academy and as we get
more and more capable players and the
competition becomes tougher and tougher
and na to hold the LCS spot the overall
league the bar for the league Rises and
we get better and better teams doesn't
that sound a lot like what Connor said
though Connor basically said we have
imported a lot of really good talent and
so theoretically we're a stronger region
because we've got better talent you're
saying look there are good doesn't make
your talent pour deeper it makes you
better temporarily and that's not how
you do better at Worlds but aren't
aren't a lot of the NA good any players
that aren't that don't have jobs right
now or competing for jobs haven't they
been pushed out by by immigrant players
is a to bring a little bit of a
political process how long do these stay
here how long do these imports actually
invest in TNA and yet make the NA teams
better they're not the long-term future
for the na teams like long term for the
long term future for the na teams are
the younger LCS players or the Academy
players that the teams are investing
into that will get better and that will
compete for spots in the future yeah I
just feel like you mentioned frog him
you know and let's just say he isn't a
name player
it feels like one of the reasons frog
isn't here is because now we've got
febiven and power of evil over here
relief one import with another import
that doesn't raise the strength of any
overall okay it's the lower tier player
getting better and it's the younger and
the new talent getting better and better
you more competitive gotcha okay fair
enough
Connor thank you so much for calling in
figure out a couple remaining colors but
thank you again for for reaching out
yeah
have a good one all right shows winding
down we got a couple more people to
speak with let's see to anybody sub oh
yes Scioto call has subbed don't think I
just mentioned you before maybe added
poison saber and more fist games comes
in for two months wait he gifted us up
to mark poison hey or amorphous games
gift of the sceptre mark meaning that
mark is now a two month sub thank you
Mark for continues but I let it run out
does it make me a two months up speaking
of subs we've got each year each year
cumin
I still can't pronounce your name can
you pronounce it for me each recommend
okay remind me again where you come from
Portland OR again this is your third
time on the show or second yeah I
thought yeah
good questions alright was your what's
your statements or your your position
what do you want to talk about on the
show today so basically most of the hype
in terms of like who's gonna come out on
top at the end of this spring's foot has
really been around like team liquid and
TSM and I think that TL is a little bit
overhyped and that I don't get as much
excitement like they have probably like
easily taught to players and all the
roles I think like
to say the problem I have with them is
that a lot of their core players have
played together before so to me it feels
like it's harder for them to have a
higher ceiling than they're worth
oh there's the ceiling look look look
who's getting triggered right now did
you see or did you catch our earlier
discussion about ceilings okay yeah a
little rant earlier about why ceilings
is it's a red herring but okay but
continue on sorry I didn't mean to
interrupt
so you're saying TL has a lower ceiling
because we've seen these guys performed
together before and it wasn't like they
became the next and you know it's not
like anyone na LCS or anything or made
finals I mean no no they did and I'm
talking about like the most recent like
in summary with immortals immortals a
lot of them Wars it's not too liquid
Oh CL is a better version of the old
immortals yeah I do but for me I like
tsm's improv it's more cuz I think I
need a bigger change I think that seem
like it'll be stronger for a while I
don't think that's es mo better until
later on mm-hmm Oh what's your question
or distressing point uh I it was more
just about that and then how I also am
shaky on the lifted Oh a bowing like I
think that one the language barrier I
think is gonna be an issue like I know
it always speaks like pretty good
English but like it's a lot of pro
players I've talked about how like even
like a slight whoops and like fluidity
of speech can like a really big thing a
really big difference
and then like doublelift has mainly
always been like a really waning focus
any carry and whoa oh what all I has
been really strong it has been like
roaming and working with his jungler and
which me which may help cuz double its
likes to call it junglers down to his
Lane and stuff but I could see problems
with that especially cuz recently
doubled has been talking about how he's
like trying to rein in like always
really ham a cylon stuff and it seems
like there might be some conflicting
things especially going up against like
the already like about tested GSM Bali
oh so you talk about what is it always
English right
in a game of League of Legends when
you're communicating around how many
words do you think like we use regularly
you mean like like unique words he means
like how many unique words you think
you're gonna say in a minute match like
20 call come on that's way too low look
at local or is it ask these questions
and then people just don't know I I have
no idea look oh maybe like 50 different
words or something it's not that many
right
it's like dragon baron roaming bots etc
i conversationally like people youth
between like thousand words regularly
just everyday and then what is it in a
league of Legends like on a professional
level like due to how much similar
situations you get in I'd imagine
somewhere between 100 and 200 like
unique words and Olaf played in Brazil
or leaf played in Taiwan Willie's played
in America via legend it's a very League
of Legends is a common unifying language
and after playing in those reasons she
knows all the 200-300 words like that's
required to communicate so I don't think
communication will be a problem but I do
think you have a very valid point and
only as a more Rome heavy support well
double lift is a more insane so cos
support and I think TLB is doublelift as
their future and they signed them on for
three years I think Olli will adapt to
double lifted I think only does respect
double lift a lot so he'll change of
style to fit him loco what you think of
a oleate worlds when he ended up on a
lot more of like the ardent sensor meta
pics and he like did it didn't feel like
he was Tate like taking over the games
at all the way that we were used to
seeing in North America how much of that
do you think was like increased
competition versus meta a lot of meta I
think only strengths are laning and
roaming I think always weaknesses or I
think only weaknesses are his straw
calling and understanding the game
and yeah I think he was in a meta where
he shined the most with karma and bark
and he looked really great and he wasn't
really tested on it three misses and
when it became more ardent and more
about team fighting and setting up and
knowing the map
Willie suffered a lot okay I have a I
have a retorts to locos the language
barrier won't be an issue if it's not
the language barrier it's definitely
communication because the other day I
went and got Shake Shack with Olie and
doublelift this true story
and once this first time that oleh had
been to Shake Shack and they order the
food and we all go sit down and wait for
the food to come and then the food gets
the buzzer goes off they go up and pick
it up they come back and Olli is
literally like what about the fries you
didn't order me the fries and Peter's
like oh shit I didn't realize you wanted
fries and then for the rest of the
dinner all they kept bringing up the
price so I'm a little worried about well
that's gonna happen here
you know double it didn't even go back
and buy extra fries it's it just seems
like this could be an issue to give a
little bit of fairness travis's
ridiculous story a language barrier I
agree with loco is a bigger issue not in
game but like in the discussions
afterwards and if you have a player
who's like slightly temperamental and
there's a language barrier they can very
easily get frustrated like during a
scrim set and then your productivity
drops and then like it hurts long term
much more than like oh man we were in a
game and like my my ad carry didn't
understand that I said a gank was coming
like I feel like that's a lot less of
the concern with communication problems
as opposed to actually the situation
Travis is kind of talking about where
people can't get their thoughts to their
teammate on exactly what they're
thinking when they have the time without
like translators and stuff getting
involved yep I just want I just yeah
there's gonna be some issues by week six
so I'm gonna link this so I'll be like
remember the fucking shake shack story
I think Shabbos is ridiculous but I can
see a little bit what he's saying yeah
yeah also I can't remember the previous
color of me like two cars ago the one I
was talking about how I got here
thinks that and it will get to semies
next year I really don't agree with that
I think if anything it looks worse it's
like just based off of last world it's
like it seems like that a GU is really
good at growing talent and China just
seemed way better than two teams and
Sammy's yacht and Korea's Korea and it
just really doesn't seem like na can
have like a sure thing or like reliable
thing to get them like past what they
don't already I agree with you and the
other dude was just talking from how he
felt about the excitement of the leak
more so than rational thinking oh yeah
yeah sure thank you so much for calling
in thank you for continuing to be a sub
and I hate keep bringing up great topics
yes yeah thanks - all right Travis I'm
hungry and I have work to finish yeah I
know we've got eight minutes left and
then and then we'll be done what are you
gonna eat Shake Shack or you could you
talk about Shake Shack I want in and out
okay are you gonna go get it I'll
probably finish work and I'll go with
one of my coaches oh this is Rachel
there oh no not her place came earlier
for work hey guys can we try and keep
this about us trying to run a show here
right harmless dependent in this room
for 15 seconds harmless already calling
from I'm actually coming from Chile from
Chile
yes well anything goodbye and Chile and
Chilean 800k like maybe you like you
need some kind of yeah yeah well I'm
roaming the world we got Germany we've
got Australia we've got now we got Chile
all right harmless we're what do you
want to talk about I wanted to talk
about the like that talent in the
support role for this yeah because I
think that um we all we don't always
talk about the supports like for example
last year with all a as a candidate for
for MEP so we don't give credit to
supports and maybe a you could elaborate
on that the fact that
and supports I think that are like the
level of talent here in in an a he's
really really good what do you think I
didn't exercise recently a riot we're
like we ranked all the players based off
so I like just like how good we thought
they were so like one two three four
five one through ten and then what we
did afterwards was try to assign scores
so if like one is a hundred where do
people go after that and at least it
felt like for us I think I remember was
the same way with the jungler but I
think support was also like relatively
top loaded where they were like a couple
pretty good really good ones and then
like a pretty big drop before like the
next category so I think on the high end
maybe but I think there it's not like
that entire position is stacked
I don't know how loco feels I think by
importing na has made mid actually their
strongest position cuz yeah when you're
an import right you have to be one of
the best in your reason to come and
fight for an import fought admit it's a
role that's eight out of ten if imported
so eight out of ten these are like
world-class mid laners that we're
bringing and the other two are pro
voltar and - is naturally is the best
position in my opinion support is
another role that doesn't get imported
much so it's mostly and a player's so
naturally you're competing regionally
versus competing international hmm yeah
I think oleh is the one that we've
imported and he's one of the first
supports to really push for MVP and he
got ranked one the so lucky ladder and
was like smashing kids last split so I
think that kind of points to how loco is
like saying like if you get imported you
must be a beast basically or you're
gonna get you're gonna get dropped cuz
you're not worth the slot mm-hmm well I
also wanted to talk about this forever
the branding topic
I think that's the one I mean I pulled
you in for yes so I wanted to have maybe
like I was in sight so about how the new
teams are going to approach Brandi okay
because because for example for me that
I don't follow too much the MBA I don't
really know too much the those orgs so
for me it's really easily it's really
easy to just focus on the old guard but
I as a fan of League I would also want
to know about these new teams that are
going to stay for a long time so to have
a strong branding you need to have a
strong identity right for most teams
their identity has been players in the
past when you think CLG you think double
of when you think TSM you think bjergsen
when you think cloud nine now you think
a sneaky and in traditional sports um
the branding is more attached to the
team to self and an idea of a team and
how that team is and I think that's what
the new or if eventually want to become
and although or work for two they want
to have an identity as a team that
people can relate in when people think
of golden Guardians maybe they think of
this way about a team when they think of
clutch gaming they think this way about
a team works with employers so I think
that's a future of branding or team
branding and more team identity than a
brand that's represented by finger lis
by a few players yeah maybe I think it's
because the fact that overall even
though the game has been out for like
seven years or something if we think
about it like as a sport it's really in
diapers you know so I don't know maybe
it's really for example what it what it
is
for a fan what is SKT with a figure I
Dave stole a few tsjt as a history of
success and Starcraft
and in League of Legends like if faker
left in coma didn't you can see a world
were like definitely no one yeah it
definitely took a hit but ya know I mean
I mean SKT from
League standpoint I ask you a league
standpoint even without faker I think
they have the infrastructure and still
banging Wolfer extremely good players
and they could they could still build up
a roster that's top in Korea but I do
agree like figure is a huge part of FG
chief identity yeah it's also a weird
example that take like literally the
most popular player in the world and be
like what would happen with this seems
branding if they lost him it's like
better to be like you know what would
happen to Katy if they lost you know
smash score yeah or something you know
for example I think GSM would still
survive without Bjork's in yeah right
then a few years ago when you think of
yeah create cloud 9 survive without
medias and hi and CG and lemon all being
on the same team probably most people
would have said no but cloud 9 survived
beyond that as they grew that there's I
have on the team yep
yeah I think that's very true I'm a I
don't know I'm pretty excited to sort of
see how all the teams approach the
branding stuff this year because I
already feel like a lot of them it was
really neat for me to see riot unveil
unveil all the different teams with all
their different logos and sort of their
their descriptions and all that kind of
thing and I I hope now that especially
knowing that there's no relegation riot
will be able to present like a more
solidified like these are the 10 teams
these are the 10 names like I think that
I'll be good
yes so and I'm also really excited to
I'm looking forward to the content that
the new teams put out yeah if they do
yeah let go what's your first repeating
series is golden Guardians do you know
first repeating here's the thing about
content right though we should put out
content and we are gonna put out content
well we can put out all the content in
the world but if people don't care about
us then it's hard for that content to be
worth it so right now we're invested
into our players and we're growing first
before we do like a repeating content
like right now we're hitting all the
basics first before we go on to
something like
yeah and after breaking point looker
just doesn't he's like fucking like in
your position you're you're the clear
underdogs I I think but I think that
that is could be really good for you
like in for example optic people don't
even even really talk about optics so I
think that for a from a you know fan
perspective it could be yeah there's an
interesting story with golden Guardians
for sure yes
thanks so much harmless for calling in
thanks for holding it down in Chile
we've got two more folks to get through
really quickly so I have to let you go
but thank you so much no thank you
I went did today okay yeah thanks
alright two more will go quickly
look oh I know you're hungry I'm the
thing about the whole team is we're
gonna forget P one really quickly I
think we're gonna forget MB really
quickly yeah but we're gonna remember
renegades we're gonna remember immortals
okay they had a story and they had
identity people now they still talk
about amber because they had an identity
not because they were the best team but
because they had an identity yeah Fenris
57 what you want to talk about when
where he called from I'm from Urbana
Illinois okay good to hear and what did
you want to talk about on the show I
want to talk to loco about his video he
did reading teamliquid and he said that
he thinks that they'll start with a high
a high floor I guess is how we're
talking about it today but he said that
he thought that most of the players were
already at their peaks and I thought it
was funny he actually used the word
ceiling we've been talking about that a
lot but he said that maybe he didn't
think that they would be able to grow
much over the year or as much as other
teams and that they would kind of fall
off and I was just wondering why he
would think that considering that he
[Music]
considering he talked about earlier that
that these that most players aren't at
their ceilings and then almost all of
them have room to grow yeah that does
sound like ceiling
logo alright so TL as a team rate how
good they are at the start will be very
very will not be it's not gonna be
exactly the same but would it be very
close to how good they will be at the
end of the year I think they're gonna
have a lot of their team work things
down I think they're gonna have a lot of
their shell calling things down I think
they're gonna have a lot of their
fundamentals the basics that a lot of
what you need to improve on as a team
already had a really good spot so
they're gonna be a team that's gonna
start good and end good so for a team
like t FM they have MIDI and thumb
working and burek working together who
are very used to having a very big say
on the team item as a huge fail on g2
and song had huge Phaeton immortals and
beer stein a huge say on TSM they're
gonna need time figuring all that stuff
out they're gonna need time growing up
mike young and how he's gonna fit into
it they're gonna meantime letting beard
not be the shot-caller anymore but mid
DB - all color they're gonna have a lot
of problems and growing pains at the
start that they're gonna need to figure
out and it's gonna time take time for
them to ramp up so that's what I mean
two questions for logo or I guess one's
a common ones question first the idea
that like system or tail will start fast
makes a lot of sense because no team
coming into this year will have more
than three players that have played
together or at least like in the
previous split so like obviously they
have three fifths of immortals coach
having has three fifths of and envy but
like first for immortals and TL the
reason that's important is because like
it's there it was like a lot of their
playmakers and early game and people
like that that they are keeping versus
like NV has to play or C clutch gaming I
will have to play with new solo laners
completely and that's a little more
sketch I think potentially so I kind of
grew at that point and then the thing is
logos how much do you think that has to
do your point about the numbing much
with your lack of faith potentially in
their coaching staff because they
haven't really been tested Canaan liquid
wasn't very effective but it's hard to
know everything behind the scenes is
this a team that you think has as much
help coming from the support staff as
some of the other top teams that we have
seen with more
and coaching staffs that's not the
problem with that team the problem I
think it's really weird that TSM got
song
I think this roster of TSM would
actually work really well with parts so
how much can you coach a double life how
much can you coach an impact I'm not in
terms of like these players are
impossible to work with they already
know so much and they already have their
own view on the game and they already
probably know what they want to do and
it's probably effective for them so you
can't when the cup is full like you
there's not much for a coach to do other
than give them direction and give them
general direction and from what double
of that in a recent interview that
doesn't seem to be the case where Cain
is just giving them general direction
coach is not gonna make TL get a coach
is not gonna make teal bet so why does
that mean that they'll fall off over the
year I can understand like I think it'll
be different but like wouldn't that
still mean that if you take five really
really good players that they would
still be one of the best teams by the
end of the year they will be one of the
best teams I think you had the wrong
impression I don't think I reckon they
will fall off they're gonna start out
good and you're gonna start out really
really good and they're not going to get
much better than the really really good
place you know it is gotcha
Fenris thanks so much for calling it we
have more time so the show but thank you
thanks all right I think it's a really
interesting point that Loko is making
just because so many of these teams even
when they have three players all the
teams that are now playing with the same
three players are on different boards so
there's still like growing things yeah
it's a it's a weird offseason in that
regard I don't know it just sounds to me
like look who's saying Team Liquid has a
low cap low ceiling I don't know if it's
low ceiling so much it's just like they
don't have as far as a very high floor
okay
okay oh I'm just gonna drag him in yeah
doctor um your live doctor lemon/lime
where he called from I am calling from
Valparaiso Indiana Indiana
I salute ya nice to hear what did you
want to talk about here you're our last
caller in the night so hopefully it's a
good one yeah I'll try to make it quick
yeah but my personal hot take is that I
think that the golden Guardians will
make playoffs in spring and if they
don't I think they'll be able to make
playoffs in summer because I personally
think that Matt is obviously he's always
talked about being a player that is
heavily confidence based and according
to you know his Twitter and all like how
he's really like been losing weight and
he's having like seems to be having a
really good time where he's at
I think that his confidence is at a high
level and I think that it definitely can
perform pretty well I think they'll be
able to actually perform as a really
good team I I just I don't want to call
you out dr. lemon-lime I think this is
it's a reasonable thing to bring up but
I will say it's plenty of the two people
that called in to talk about golden
Guardians you know there's all these
people on reddit and twitch that want to
flame golden Guardians then none of
these people show up for the show to
shit-talk Loco to his face was just like
you know they're gonna be booty no
nobody wants to nobody wants to insult
Loco to his face they just wanted to
comment write about it have you seen the
box cutter we'll see
okay so doc dr. lemon lime the problem
is that with that reasoning you have to
pick three other teams to not make or
what no four other teams to not make
playoffs so what what teams will goal
and Guardians outperform I honestly
think that they will perform optic I
think optic is arguably the weakest team
especially in terms of communication
this year I think they'll probably
outperform fly West and honestly I don't
think echo fox is
team is really going to synergize that
well just based off of our Doc's past I
know he said he's been growing and all
that but I really don't see that as well
and you know who knee can do well then
they might have a better shot and I
honestly I could see them outperforming
kludge gaming if definitely performs at
a very high level ok so does that mean
that the only way that these guys can
can get to playoffs and spring or
summers if definitely play it
performance at a high level so it's all
on definitely well I think it's a lot
undef ly it's a lot on mat to actually
be able to perform at a decent level as
well but I think that Warlow is a top
laner who can stand on his own I think
high obviously is a great overall player
in many different ways and I think he
can roam to really help the lanes out
because has generally been good at
roaming in the past and contracts has
proved himself as a fantastic jungler so
I think honestly that they can perform
at a decent level ok so since dr.
lemon-lime is coming in saying golden
Guardians will make it to playoffs and
we need a counterpoint Loco water what
are your what are your are that what
would be the reasons that golden
Guardians wouldn't make it to playoffs
what are the the things that might hold
the team back let's just even say from
spring because I know that your goal is
long term so it shouldn't be too crazy
to ask you you know if you see
weaknesses that you wouldn't make
playoffs lack of growth from our players
if you don't grow I think we have a low
starting point and we need to grow a lot
to make playoffs so lack of growth would
be the most obvious reason I can throw
and then our incredible performances by
other teams like where we still do of
the other teams just performed way too
well for us to break coccyx I think
those would be the main T reasons I
don't think we all we're gonna have
internal problems or anything like that
ok how likely is like I think that's the
second point is a lot of the reason
people actually don't put like I know
I've talked to some people the reason
they don't put you less because they're
pretty sure one of these other teams
with
more imports and like more personalities
will blow up and end up tenth or ninth
or whatever it is wherever they're not
putting you guys like how likely is it
do you think that you guys like that how
many teams do you think will blow up I
guess is what I'm getting it of like the
six new teams that are basically
throwing together with imports let me
ask you a question do you think dark
will finish us what with psycho Fox yes
yeah you're betting against the odds air
mark maybe I think he'll be hard to move
if that's I'm saying like if you tried
to moved our dock because of because
like in this situation look who's saying
like you know you know he doesn't work
out and they end up swapping him for I
know des montagnes admit I forget who
their Academy jungler is well couldn't
they but what team has Moon Academy
Steve yeah I mean there's a chance that
you could try to grab one of these you
could buy a jungle or you're trying to
learn first yeah but then he's not he's
- you're not necessarily giving them
dart off then to put on an academy team
or you saying
I think locos asking will dart off be
competing as a starter Oh as a starter
box at the anime yeah oh this is it yes
or no question right yeah do you think
doc will finish this but under echo fog
starting roster no okay that's the
likely team that would blow up and
they're all pick would be though they're
likely team and then like maybe fly
quest dudes like loco was so smart right
now cuz he knows that if he says no dar
doc won't finish as a starting jungler
on echo fox people are like oh shit loco
talk it's shit but by getting mark to
say it he it's very strategic I'm asking
questions what I think but I think I
would give an obvious answer and I
rather have other people yeah yeah I'm
not I'm not crying route I just I think
it's it's a what a single Travis I have
no idea sure you don't I'm sorry I was
you
the I do have opinions my opinions are
usually based off of Shake Shack
experiences that I have a bed shake sack
with our doc recently no I mean I
I'll put it this way I hope he does
because doc seems like great talent that
just needs to figure out his shit odds
would tell you that there that's not
gonna be the case so if I was petting I
would probably go with the odds and say
he's not going to
I certainly hope actually I actually
think josh is really good and I actually
think one day Josh will be a star player
in the league and I think for Josh to do
that you really have to appreciate the
position and like how great it is to
play League on a professional level I
think if Josh didn't get a chance to
play professional league of Legends for
his foot he has a much higher chance to
reform and look back on like this stuff
he could potentially do better and he
essentially changed but when he's
consistently given chances by orcs I
think it's really hard for him to group
I think I will say I would just say
that's a great ceiling yeah a pretty
high ceiling just as a throwback this
time last year exactly around this time
last year I was sitting down in the
Yahoo eSports studio interviewing no
Winston about the very confident
three-year contract he had just made
with Doc who would have thought that not
only would our doc not make it to the
end of spring split but that immortals
would make it to the start of the next
one interesting 22 that under no I'm
just saying it's a funny thing I did
this interview now neither it's a
three-year commitment for these two team
for these two no I was just say get to
the interesting thing look at Oprah
wants to eat Shake Shack so I have to
get ready no I'm sorry doctor lemon-lime
that I have to beat you but thank you
for the call I'm good yeah thank you
very much yeah all right let's do some
I'll hang out on stream for couple
minutes after the show folks so please
don't leave the live viewers Loco do you
have anything that you want to plug
anything work in people follow tool
Guardians what's uh what's what you got
out there for us I mean follow us at
golden Guardians on Twitter but follow
my players watch my
content and you guys necessarily don't
have to like us from the start I don't
think what is it we went out and got the
10 star player or five star players and
you guys are gonna love us from the
start I think the way we run our or I
think the standard that we hold our
stuff to the standard we hold our
players to the kind of results that will
continuously deliver will make you guys
it's our fans just keep open eye on us
and watch us do all and if you like us I
like I like you guys are so humble I
appreciate the golden Guardian style
mark what do you want to throw out there
hello I'm mark Z I am an analyst for
League of Legends you can follow my
Twitter at the mark Z it's on screen
it's been on screen here for the past
two and a half hours also after this be
heading over to play some games with
offline TV and their IRL stream which I
think pokies doing so you guys want to
watch some of that check that out and
I'm really excited for this year to kick
off I have a lot of content plans and so
I am very excited for the season stuff
for me if you're watching live goes up
to my YouTube channel it's it's Travis
cafard I'm trying to really grow that
thing and if you're watching in the vaad
and you've made it all the way to the
end of this and you're hearing me say
this and you haven't sucked the YouTube
channel why the hell not because you're
clearly willing to watch it to hour-long
video here but and Link it by oh yes
yeah turn off a block like one sock the
hero you don't need to turn off the
whole thing alright you know you can you
can just say belong specific pages and
stuff so disable on youtube sable on
Travis's twitch help them out I have a
patreon I have a support page I don't
have a sponsor yet so if anybody wants
to help me out with any of that you can
you can do so because things are gonna
get expensive this year already upgraded
some gear so thanks so much
yes at the at the $40 here just for you
loco you get the prints of me and
underwear actually Monty already asked
for that - Monty - Monty is as a patreon
supporter he's one of the highest-paid
they're paying supporters so yeah
exactly he's looking for those polar if
you should have it's here where if youth
up to your patreon
pay enough you take photos of the
patreon in underwear at Travis yes yes
yes that's a good point yeah that's a
good one
they're like wait I don't want this too
bad you paid for the can you change
someone's tier on patreon like can you
change the to you that he's subscribed
no sadly not either way thanks everyone
for watching this is the show and now
it's over